what's really good YouTube bicha boys a
bully and I recorded this video a while
back when when I was playing the the
hydro combat training as you can see
after the game I went over there and and
I went to the recent placement because I
actually noticed something something
something
they made me odd and a while back
whenever I go to the recent players it
would even show up but I'm not sure if
somebody else can fill me in on it but
when this one's when I go down really on
mines I'm not sure if ik I'm not sure if
it shows that for yours too but when you
go into the recent players I just click
on anybody's anybody's game that on
obviously anybody's game anybody's name
that that's been that that's been in the
same limey with me and once when to
click on it it shows you the player car
don't wanna one on and all sorts stuff
quite something that it's something that
came to me was odd that I never actually
seen me for was the the kick player and
so I say to myself okay just probably
without one person so I go and and it
all shows up I even went to the very
very very bottom of my recent player
list and same thing too so I'm so I'm
not sure is like likes when you're
playing in a lobby does that mean I like
that you're the host because I know in
mono IFRIC toots if you were the host
you you're the you're that one person to
be able to keep people out of blobbies
I've been and uh I've been in a lobby in
mono effort to when my when my when my
friend was a host and he actually showed
me a screenshot of it and just we have
to go to the player card for a minor one
for two it actually shows the mute and
other stuff and then kick player so
so uh so so I wasn't sure if if if I
wasn't host back then but the funny
thing is now is when actually going to
my recent players now or just for the
fun of it just a sense there's so many
message are try to get a video that I
saved it still shows up even though I
might in an actual lobby so let me know
what you think about this does does this
happen for for for you guys to or does
it as like or it doesn't just show up
only for that for that one game I wanna
it's real like let me know what you
think it's boys the mimic and I'm out
and I catch you guys later and I got
some more videos coming up later today
peace